[Ambient sound]
Zhang Peizan: Yes, I came back from walking the horses that day. Just when I walked to the garden, I heard the young lady and her fiancé talking.
Zhang Peizan: She asked him to come to the garden in the middle of the night to get gold. Feelings of greed stirred in my heart at that moment.
[Peking opera orchestra plays]
♪ Chorus (singing): He said that he stole a hairpin because he was greedy for gold, and quietly waited outside the garden for Xuechun. ♪
♪ Chorus (singing): He clapped his hands three times so that the gate would open, and he could exchange the hairpin for money without any hindrance. ♪
[Peking opera orchestra plays]
Xuechun: Mr. Lin, you must not let my lady’s kindness go to waste.
Xuechun: It's getting late, please go back.
[Peking opera orchestra plays]
♪ Chorus (singing): Flustered, legs trembling, he fell to the ground and ruined his plan. ♪
Xuechun: Mr. Lin?
[Sound effect: Gasp]
Chorus: Xuechun recognized who it was and shouted loudly.
Xuechun: Ah, it’s you!
Zhang Peizan: Don't shout. If you shout, I will kill you.
♪ Chorus (singing): One mistake of his caused her soul to travel to the underworld. ♪
Xuechun: Help! Help!
[Music stops]
Zhang Peizan: I saw Lin coming over just when I managed to hide the knife and the gold. So, he became my scapegoat!